cuz it tunnel again
this should be a lot of that you got
your horn
is a cell Lincoln National Forest
look at the last week old
can check out over here right every now
then we'll save water is frozen
and the rocks
and barely
might be Bigfoot what do you see hi hi
hi hey boys lurking on the house smile
and wave boys talks about
Oh
thank you for narrating I'm filming the
signs in ellicott reinforce
hey Sheldon lights ah
oh there's people in the road oops wait
Oh walkie
alright so what do you want me to do
his cloud crops and it's 42 degrees it
was 10 degrees last night where was
skiing cloudcroft that we snuck down
rather sad I thought I was
that's their school looks like
right there's the Clark
we're safe leap down here to trees
let me go ahead ba model I've never been
here before look hasn't been up here one
time in the snow it was a kid goes last
time I was in the snow stopped and the
kids can play anywhere did you see well
honey let's get somewhere where we can
like what are you talking about turning
around doofus down Grand Avenue here
listening was now very navigate
now mike has been just been plowed out
of the way we could probably ring on it
oh we got a foot we're gonna go back to
the park back here oh you're at work
yeah like okay what if robotics get out
that's the best buck where it elevated
how you come you're so worried about
getting tickets you don't have any money
i'll get over here on the Left answer
all these places are really well get
their phone number what's wrong with all
of these driveways oh my gosh for lease
too many damn on Christmas music right
pretend it's Christmas time we need like
a big
what is that snowplough know that okay
what is what it's the house is that up
there it's a bear holding a sign that
says what
street